Active Listening;Giving full attention, understanding points being made.
Complex Problem Solving;Identifying complex problems, developing and evaluating options.
Coordination;Adjusting actions in relation to others' actions.
Critical Thinking;Using logic to identify strengths and weaknesses of alternative solutions.
Databases;Managing large amounts of information with databases.
Equipment Maintenance;Performing routine maintenance on equipment.
Equipment Selection;Determining the kind of tools and equipment needed.
Graphics;Working with pictures in graphics programs.
Installation;Installing equipment, machines, wiring, or programs.
Instructing;Teaching others how to do something.
Management of Financial Resources;Determining how money will be spent to get work done.
Management of Material Resources;Obtaining and seeing to the appropriate use of equipment.
Management of Personnel Resources;Motivating, developing, and directing people as they work.
Monitoring;Assessing performance of yourself, others, to make improvements.
Operation Monitoring;Watching gauges, dials, or indicators to ensure a machine is working.
Operation and Control;Controlling operations of equipment or systems.
Mathematics;Using mathematics to solve problems.
Writing;Communicating effectively in writing as needed.
Word Processing;Using a computer application to type, format, and print documents.
Troubleshooting;Determining causes of operating errors and deciding what to do.
Time Management;Managing one's own time and the time of others.
Technology Design;Generating or adapting equipment and technology to serve user needs.
System Evaluation;Identifying measures or indicators of system performance.
System Analysis;Determining how a system should work and how changes affect it.
Spreadsheets;Using applications to enter, manipulate, and format data.
Speaking;Talking to others to convey information effectively.
Social Perceptiveness;Being aware of others' reactions and understanding why they react.
Service Orientation;Actively looking for ways to help people.
Science;Using scientific rules and methods to solve problems.
Repairing;Repairing machines or systems using the needed tools.
